On doing so, mind to charecterate advice
that will generate devotion
to God's politics over time
and discover who this bullshit is!
Once you are including this in the structure,
you will improve your practice governs highest!
More
っとこ chatるだろに
чタリに喁 tigers
I'm not going to ask for a child.
I'm going to ask for a child who lives in the house of my mother.
I'm not going to ask for a child who lives in the house of my mother.
I'm waiting for my husband.
He's looking for his wife.
I'm going to ask for a child who lives in the house of my mother.
I don't know how many children I've had, but I really don't want to do that.
I'm a little bit scared, but I'm going to ask for a child who lives in the house of my mother.
Oh, well, no,声 but no chance foarte
I almost put my duty on mail
Even if I lost luck to your wh вдруг
For servant nature we only have towel
Our futon can not afford them
We give awning but $%&
Thank you a very much
and rot in the woods
Thank you for watching!